{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Skeletons for parsers implemented with tables"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 library}{\cf1 :} "Gobo Eiffel Parse Library"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 2003-2013, Eric Bezault and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "MIT License"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-05-06 12:15:38 -0700 (Fri, 06 May 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 98678 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 YY_PARSER_SKELETON}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Parsing}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 parse}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Parse input stream.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 syntax_error}{\cf3  to True if}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  parsing has not been successful.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 syntax_error}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Has last parsing been unsuccesful?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  This query may return false if errors have been recovered.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Note that the result of this query is undefined within}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the calll to }{\cf5 parse}{\cf3 , e.g. when executing semantic actions.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_suspended}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Has parsing been suspended?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The next call to }{\cf5 parse}{\cf3  will resume parsing in the state}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  where the parser was when it was suspended. Note that a call}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 abort}{\cf3  or }{\cf5 accept}{\cf3  will force }{\cf5 parse}{\cf3  to parse from scratch.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Also, note that the result of this query is undefined within}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the calll to }{\cf5 parse}{\cf3 , e.g. when executing semantic actions.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 error_count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of errors detected during last parsing}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operations}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 accept}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Stop parsing successfully.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 abort}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Abort parsing.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Do not print error message.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_all}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear temporary objects so that they can be collected}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  by the garbage collector. (This routine is called by}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 parse}{\cf3  before exiting. It can be redefined in descendants.)}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear internal stacks by default.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_stacks}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear objects in internal stacks so that they can}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  be collected by the garbage collector.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 invariant}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yyss_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yyss} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yytranslate_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yytranslate} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yyr1_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yyr1} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yytypes1_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yytypes1} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yytypes2_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yytypes2} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yydefact_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yydefact} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yydefgoto_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yydefgoto} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yypact_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yypact} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yypgoto_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yypgoto} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yytable_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yytable} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 yycheck_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 yycheck} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 YY_PARSER_SKELETON}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
