{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision application. Implementation interface.%NSee ev_application.e"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "application"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 10:23:22 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100056 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialization}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 old_make} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_interface}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 attached} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 interface}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Create underlying native toolkit objects.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Every descendant should exactly one a creation procedure }{\cf5 make}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Must call }{\cf5 base_make}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 make}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Create pick and drop target list.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set F1 as default help key.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Create default help engine.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 invoke_garbage_collection_when_inactive}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should garbage collection be invoked when application is inactive.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pnd_targets}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 HASH_TABLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ]}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Global list of pick and drop target object ids.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 windows}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Global list of windows.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 locked_window}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WINDOW}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Window currently locked. Void if no window}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is currently locked.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  See }{\cf5 \{EV_WINDOW\}.lock_update}{\cf3  for more details}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 captured_widget}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Widget currently captured. Void if none.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pick_and_drop_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE_I}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The current pick and drop source.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 help_accelerator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Accelerator that displays contextual help}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 contextual_help_accelerator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Accelerator that enables contextual help mode}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 help_engine}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_HELP_ENGINE}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Object that handle contextual help display requests}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clipboard}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CLIPBOARD}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Native platform clipboard access.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ctrl_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is ctrl key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 shift_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is shift key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 alt_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is alt key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 caps_lock_on}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the Caps Lock key currently on?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 transport_in_progress}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is a Pick and Drop transport currently in progress?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_display_remote}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is application display remote?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  This function is primarily to determine if drawing to the display is optimal.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element Change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_invoke_garbage_collection_when_inactive} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 invoke_garbage_collection_when_inactive}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_enabled}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_captured_widget} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_captured_widget}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 captured_widget}{\cf3  to the widget that has the current capture 'a_capture_widget'.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 captured_widget_set}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 captured_widget} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_captured_widget}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_help_accelerator} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 help_accelerator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 an_accelerator_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 an_accelerator} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 help_accelerator_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 help_accelerator} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 an_accelerator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 help_accelerator_complete}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 help_handler_procedure} {\b\cf6 and then} {\cf5 help_accelerator}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 actions}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 has}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 help_handler_procedure}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_contextual_help_accelerator} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 contextual_help_accelerator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 an_accelerator_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 an_accelerator} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 contextual_help_accelerator_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 contextual_help_accelerator} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 an_accelerator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 contextual_help_accelerator_complete}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 contextual_help_handler_procedure} {\b\cf6 and then} {\cf5 contextual_help_accelerator}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 actions}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 has}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 contextual_help_handler_procedure}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_help_engine} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_engine}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_HELP_ENGINE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_engine}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 help_engine}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 an_engine_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 an_engine} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 help_engine_set}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 help_engine} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 an_engine}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_locked_window} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 locked_window}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  See }{\cf5 \{EV_WINDOW\}.lock_update}{\cf3  for more details}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 process_events}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Process any pending events.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 process_graphical_events}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Process any pending paint events.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pass control to the GUI toolkit so that it can}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  handle any paint events that may be in its queue.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 process_events_until_stopped}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Process all events until 'stop_processing' is called.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 stop_processing}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3   Exit }{\cf5 process_events_until_stopped}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 sleep} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 msec}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Wait for }{\cf5 msec}{\cf3  milliseconds and return.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 msec_non_negative}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 msec} {\cf1 >=} 0{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_contextual_help}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Change mouse cursor to help cursor}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Capture mouse input}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Send help context of widget under mouse cursor when left mouse button is pressed to help engine.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Cancel contextual help mode when right mouse button is pressed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 display_help_for_widget} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_widget}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Display contextual help for }{\cf5 a_widget}{\cf3 , if any.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_widget_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_widget} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 add_idle_action} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_idle_action}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PROCEDURE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Extend }{\cf5 idle_actions}{\cf3  with }{\cf5 a_idle_action}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Thread safe}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_idle_action_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_idle_action} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_idle_action} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_idle_action}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PROCEDURE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Remove }{\cf5 a_idle_action}{\cf3  from }{\cf5 idle_actions}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Thread safe}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_idle_action_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_idle_action} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 idle_lock}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Lock the Idle Actions Mutex.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 try_idle_lock}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Attempt to lock the Idle Actions Mutex. True if successful.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 idle_unlock}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unlock the Idle Actions Mutex.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 kamikaze_lock}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Lock the Kamikaze Actions Mutex.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 try_kamikaze_lock}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Attempt to lock the Kamikaze Actions Mutex. True if successful.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 kamikaze_unlock}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unlock the Kamikaze Actions Mutex.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Events}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 do_once_on_idle} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_action}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 PROCEDURE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Perform }{\cf5 an_action}{\cf3  one time only on idle.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 actions_are_callable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  May actions be called}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 increase_action_sequence_call_counter}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Increase }{\cf5 action_sequence_call_counter}{\cf3  by one.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 action_sequence_call_counter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 NATURAL_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Counter used in post-conditions to determine if any actions sequences have been}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  called as a result of the routine the post-condition is applied to.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Event handling}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 accelerator_actions} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_NOTIFY_ACTION_SEQUENCE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Actions to be performed when }{\cf5 an_accelerator}{\cf3  key sequence is}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  pressed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 tooltip_delay}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Time in milliseconds before tooltips pop up.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 focused_widget}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Widget with keyboard focus}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_tooltip_delay} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_delay}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 tooltip_delay}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_delay}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_delay_non_negative}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_delay} {\cf1 >=} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 tooltip_delay} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_delay}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 interface}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}option: stable{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_post_launch_actions}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call the post launch actions.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_exception_action} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_exception}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EXCEPTION}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call exception actions.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 an_exception_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 an_exception} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 raise_default_exception_dialog} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_empty_dialog}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_DIALOG}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 an_exception}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EXCEPTION}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Raise the exception dialog}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_empty_dialog_valid}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_empty_dialog} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 and then} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 a_empty_dialog}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 exception_dialog}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_DIALOG}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Dialog used for showing uncaught exceptions.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Show_exception_dialog}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 True}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should the exception dialog be shown by default?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 uncaught_exception_actions_called}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Are the }{\cf5 uncaught_exceptions_actions}{\cf3  currently being called?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  This is used to prevent infinite looping should an exception be raised as part of calling }{\cf5 uncaught_exception_actions}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 new_exception}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EXCEPTION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  New exception object representating the last exception caught in Current}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 new_exception_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
