{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Implementation interface for dockable source."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2015-06-25 15:41:43 -0700 (Thu, 25 Jun 2015) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 97568 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE_I}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 original_parent_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Original position in parent. Required}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to restore widget later.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_dock_executing}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  in the process of a dockable transport?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 real_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE which should be}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  dragged when docking begins on }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  dockable?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 not_external_docking_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Attribute used for }{\cf5 is_externally_dockable}{\cf3 . We must implement}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 is_externally_dockable}{\cf3  this way as we have no easy solution to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  assign }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 is_externally_dockable}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_external_docking_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  able to be docked into an EV_DOCKABLE_DIALOG}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  When there is no valid EV_DRAGABLE_TARGET upon completion}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  of the transport?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 not_is_external_docking_relative}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Will dockable dialog displayed when }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is docked externally}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  be displayed relative to parent window of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Otherwise displayed as a standard window.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Internal reversed value of }{\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\cf3  as we cannot}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  easily initialize a BOOLE to True in this case.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Will dockable dialog displayed when }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is docked externally}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  be displayed relative to parent window of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Otherwise displayed as a standard window.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 get_next_target} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_widget}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_TARGET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is next dockable target that is }{\cf5 is_dockable}{\cf3  found by}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  recursively seraching up the parenting structure from }{\cf5 current_target}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  will be }{\cf5 Void}{\cf3  if none.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_widget_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_widget} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 implies} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 closest_dockable_target}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_TARGET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is first dockable target that }{\cf5 is_dockable}{\cf3  found by recursively}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  searching up through the parenting structure from the widget}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  currently underneath the pointer position.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  will be }{\cf5 Void}{\cf3  if a dockable target is not found.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 implies} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  to be dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_enable_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Platform specific implementation of }{\cf5 enable_dockable}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is not dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_disable_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Platform specific implementation of }{\cf5 disable_dockable}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_real_source} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 dockable_source}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 dockable_source}{\cf3  to be the widget moved when a}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  drag begins on }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 dockable_source_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 dockable_source} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 real_source_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 real_source} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 dockable_source}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_real_source}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 real_source}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 Void}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 real_source_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 real_source} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_external_docking}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  to be docked into an EV_DOCKABLE_DIALOG}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  When there is no valid EV_DRAGABLE_TARGET upon completion}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  of the transport?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_externally_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_external_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_external_docking}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Forbid }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  to be docked into an EV_DOCKABLE_DIALOG}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  When there is no valid EV_DRAGABLE_TARGET upon completion}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  of the transport?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dockable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_externally_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_external_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_external_docking_relative}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\cf3 , ensuring that}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  a dockable dialog displayed when }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is docked externally}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is displayed relative to the top level window.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 external_docking_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_external_docking_enabled}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 external_docking_not_relative}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_external_docking_relative}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 False}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\cf3 , ensuring that}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  a dockable dialog displayed when }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is docked externally}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is displayed as a standard window.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 external_docking_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_external_docking_enabled}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 external_docking_not_relative}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_external_docking_relative}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operations}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 complete_dock}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Complete a dock from }{\cf5 source_being_docked}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 source_being_docked}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 source_being_docked} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_dock_executing}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_dock_executing}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 insert_separator_not_parented}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 Insert_sep}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 parent} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 insert_label_not_parented}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 Insert_label}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 parent} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 close_dockable_dialog} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 dockable_dialog}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_DIALOG}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Close request received by }{\cf5 dockable_dialog}{\cf3  so}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  restore widget contained back to its original position}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  in its old parent if possible.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  We must fire }{\cf5 dock_ended}{\cf3  actions.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 dockable_dialog_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 dockable_dialog}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Inapplicable}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Drag_cursor}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Cursor used when }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  is being transported.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 invariant}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 widget_or_item_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 widget_source_being_docked} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 and} {\cf5 item_source_being_docked} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 dock_executing}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_dock_executing} {\b\cf6 implies} {\cf5 widget_source_being_docked} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 or} {\cf5 item_source_being_docked} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2015, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE_I}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
