{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision Environment. Implementation interface.%NSee ev_environment.e"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "environment, global, system"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-05-05 00:59:13 -0700 (Thu, 05 May 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 98660 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT_I}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 inherit}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_ANY_I}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 redefine}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_ANY}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ANY_I}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_SHARED_TRANSPORT_I}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ANY_HANDLER}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ABSTRACT_PICK_AND_DROPABLE}{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Single application object for system in processor that created it.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 same_processor_as_application}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_application_processor}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 if} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 application_cell_item}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 as} l_application_i {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 l_application_i}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 separate_application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Single application object for system.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 if} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 application_cell_item}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 as} l_application_i {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 application_interface}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 l_application_i}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 application_i}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Single application implementation object for system.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If it does not yet exist or if it was destroyed it will create it.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If it is separate to the current processor, throws an exception.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Otherwise returns the existing instance.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 same_processor_as_application}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_application_processor}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 if} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 application_cell_item}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 as} l_application_i {\b\cf6 and then} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 l_application_i}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_destroyed} {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 l_application_i}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 else}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 new_application_i}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 supported_image_formats}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  contains all supported image formats}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  on current platform, in the form of their three letter extension.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  e.g. PNG, BMP, ICO}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 object_comparison_set}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 object_comparison}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 font_families}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All font families available on current platform.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 mouse_wheel_scroll_lines}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default number of lines to scroll in response to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  a mouse wheel scroll event.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_pointer_style_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default pointer style width.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_pointer_style_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default pointer style height.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 has_printer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is a default printer available?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  if at least one printer is installed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 deferred}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_application_processor}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is current instance of EV_ENVIRONMENT on the same processor as EV_APPLICATION?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  True if this is the same processor, or if EV_APPLICATION has not been created yet.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 not} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 application_cell_item}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 as} l_result {\b\cf6 or else} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 l_result}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_ANY}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ANY_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 interface}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}option: stable{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 attribute}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}NONE{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 CELL} {\cf1 [}{\b\cf6 detachable} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A global cell where }{\cf5 item}{\cf3  is the single application object for}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the system.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 once} {\cf1 (}"PROCESS"{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 create} {\cf1 <}NONE{\cf1 >} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 put}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Void}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 application_interface} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_separate_application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  SCOOP wrapper to get }{\cf5 interface}{\cf3  of }{\cf5 a_separate_application}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 a_separate_application}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 application_cell_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_cell}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  SCOOP wrapper to get the content of }{\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 a_cell}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 item}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 new_application_i} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_cell}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 Application_cell}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If }{\cf5 a_cell}{\cf3 's content has been set, use it if not destroyed, otherwise}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  create a new instance of EV_APPLICATION_IMP on the current processor and}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  set }{\cf5 a_cell}{\cf3  with that new instance.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 same_processor_as_application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 a_cell}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 item} {\b\cf6 as} l_result {\b\cf6 or else} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 l_result}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 if} {\b\cf6 not} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf5 a_cell}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 item} {\b\cf6 as} l_application_i {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 create} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_IMP}{\cf1 \}} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 a_cell}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 put}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 elseif} {\b\cf6 attached} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_I}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 l_application_i} {\b\cf6 as} l_result {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 if} {\cf5 l_result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_destroyed} {\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 create} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_IMP}{\cf1 \}} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 a_cell}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 put}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 else}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 l_result}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 else}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 check}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_same_processor}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 False}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Command}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Render current unusable.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 set_is_destroyed}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 True}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2016, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT_I}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
