{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision file selection dialog, implementation interface."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2012-12-09 08:17:19 -0800 (Sun, 09 Dec 2012) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 90130 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_FILE_DIALOG_I}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 full_file_path}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PATH}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Full path of currently selected file including path.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 filter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Filter currently applied to file list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 filters}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 ARRAYED_LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 TUPLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf5 filter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 ]}{\cf1 ]}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All filters currently applied to file list.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  First element represents the filter e.g "*.txt".}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Second element represents the displayed text}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  e.g. "Text files (*.txt)".}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 start_path}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PATH}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Base directory where browsing will start.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_filter_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  One based index of selected filter within }{\cf5 filters}{\cf3 , or}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  zero if no filters set.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_zero_when_no_filters}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 filters}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_empty} {\b\cf6 implies} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 valid_result_when_filters_set}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 filters}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_empty} {\b\cf6 implies} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 >=} 1 {\b\cf6 and} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 filters}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 count}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_filter} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_filter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_filter}{\cf3  as new filter.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_filter_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_filter} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 filter}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 same_string_general}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_filter}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_full_file_path} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_path}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PATH}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 a_path}{\cf3  the selected file.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_path_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_path} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_start_path} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_path}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 PATH}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 a_path}{\cf3  the base directory.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_path_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_path} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 start_path} {\cf1 ~} {\cf5 a_path}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 invariant}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 filters_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 filters} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2012, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_FILE_DIALOG_I}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
