{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision multi column list. Implementation interface."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2013-05-30 14:33:11 -0700 (Thu, 30 May 2013) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 92653 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_I}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Column count.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_item}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Currently selected item.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Topmost selected item if multiple items are selected.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (For multiple selections see }{\cf5 selected_items}{\cf3 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_items}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 DYNAMIC_LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Currently selected items.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 row_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Height in pixels of each row.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 multiple_selection_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Can more that one item be selected?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 title_shown}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is a row displaying column titles shown?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_title} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Title of }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_column_positive}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_column} {\cf1 >} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 column_title_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_width} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Width of }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_column_positive}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_column} {\cf1 >} 0{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_alignment} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_TEXT_ALIGNMENT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is alignment of column }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_column_positive}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_column} {\cf1 >} 0{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 invariant}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 ev_children_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 ev_children} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2013, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_I}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
