{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Providing shared features for ES_TEST and ES_TEST_SUITE classes."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 author}{\cf1 :} "Software Engineering Lab (York University)"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ES_TESTABLE}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 run_espec}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  New feature instead of }{\cf5 run_all}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show_errors}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Print error traces to the output.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show_browser}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Show the default browser.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_html_name} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 s}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the output html name.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_error_report} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 v}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Show the contract violations if set to true.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 run_es_test}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 curr_os_dir_separator}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 CHARACTER_8}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3   Return path separator for current OS.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 separator_is_a_slash}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} '/' {\b\cf6 or} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} '\\'{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 print_to_screen} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 message}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Prints the message to the screen, handles both GUI and standard output.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 safe_put_string} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 message}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Socket.putstring with exception handling.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 check_browser}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Run the browser on the generated HTML.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 get_html_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Return the name of the default html for this unit test.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 passed_cases}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  List of the name of all the successful test cases.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 failed_cases}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_8}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  List of the name of all the failed test cases.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 print_console_report}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Print a summary of all the test case results to the console.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_html_name}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 STRING_8}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 number_of_tests}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 number_passed_tests}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show_err}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 browser}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 ES_TESTABLE}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
