{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Text input files containing extended ASCII characters (8-bit code between 0 and 255). The line separtor of the underlying file system is automatically converted to %%N when read from the file. However {\cf5 read_line} and {\cf5 read_new_line} are able to recognize '%%N', '%%R%%N' and '%%R' as line separators."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 library}{\cf1 :} "Gobo Eiffel Kernel Library"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 2001-2013, Eric Bezault and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "MIT License"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-05-07 08:55:30 -0700 (Sat, 07 May 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 98684 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 KL_TEXT_INPUT_FILE}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 last_character}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 CHARACTER_8}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Last character read}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 last_string}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Last string read}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (Note: this query always return the same object.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Therefore a clone should be used if the result}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is to be kept beyond the next call to this feature.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  However }{\cf5 last_string}{\cf3  is not shared between file objects.)}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Eol}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8} {\cf1 =} "%N"}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Line separator}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Input}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 read_line}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Read characters from input file until a line separator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  or end of file is reached. Make the characters that have}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  been read available in }{\cf5 last_string}{\cf3  and discard the line}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  separator characters from the input file.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Line separators recognized by current file are: '%N',}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  '%R%N and '%R'.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 read_new_line}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Read a line separator from input file.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make the characters making up the recognized}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  line separator available in }{\cf5 last_string}{\cf3 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  or make }{\cf5 last_string}{\cf3  empty and leave the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  input file unchanged if no line separator}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  was found.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Line separators recognized by current file are:}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  '%N', '%R%N and '%R'.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 KL_TEXT_INPUT_FILE}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
