{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision application, GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "application"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 gtk_marshal}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_CALLBACK_MARSHAL}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Marshal object for all gtk signal emission event handling.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ctrl_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is ctrl key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 alt_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is alt key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 shift_pressed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is shift key currently pressed?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 caps_lock_on}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the Caps or Shift Lock key currently on?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 window_oids}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINKED_LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ]}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Global list of window object ids.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 windows}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Global list of windows.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 focused_popup_window}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_POPUP_WINDOW_IMP}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Popup Window that is currently focused.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_focused_popup_window} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 focused_popup_window}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 focused_popup_window}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 valid}{\cf1 :} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 and} {\cf5 focused_popup_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 or} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void} {\b\cf6 and} {\cf5 focused_popup_window} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_post_launch_actions}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call the post launch actions.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 process_graphical_events}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Process all pending graphical events and redraws.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Motion_tuple}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 TUPLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf5 x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 x_tilt}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 y_tilt}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 screen_x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Tuple optimization}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 App_motion_tuple}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 TUPLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf5 widget}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Tuple optimization}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 process_button_event} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_gdk_event}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Process button event }{\cf5 a_gdk_event}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_gdkevent_not_null}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_gdk_event} {\cf1 /=} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 GTK}{\cf1 \}}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 null_pointer}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 handle_dnd} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_event}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Handle drag and drop event.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_nothing}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} -1}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_delete}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 0}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_destroy}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 1}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_expose}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 2}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_motion_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 3}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_button_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 4}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_2button_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 5}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_3button_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 6}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_button_release}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 7}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_key_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 8}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_key_release}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 9}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_enter_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 10}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_leave_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 11}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_focus_change}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 12}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_configure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 13}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_map}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 14}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_unmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 15}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_property_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 16}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_selection_clear}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 17}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_selection_request}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 18}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_selection_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 19}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_proximity_in}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 20}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_proximity_out}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 21}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drag_enter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 22}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drag_leave}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 23}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drag_motion}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 24}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drag_status}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 25}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drop_start}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 26}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_drop_finished}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 27}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_client_event}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 28}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_visibility_notify}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 29}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_no_expose}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 30}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_scroll}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 31}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_window_state}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 32}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_setting}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 33}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Gdk_owner_change}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_8} {\cf1 =} 34}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  GDK Event Type Constants}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 sleep} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 msec}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Wait for }{\cf5 msec}{\cf3  milliseconds and return.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  End the application.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 tooltip_delay}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Time in milliseconds before tooltips pop up.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_tooltip_delay} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_delay}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 tooltip_delay}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_delay}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_in_transport}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is application currently in transport (either PND or docking)?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pick_and_drop_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE_IMP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Source of pick and drop if any.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 docking_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE_IMP} {\b\cf6 assign} {\cf5 set_docking_source}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Source of docking if any.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_pick_and_drop_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 pick_and_drop_source}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_docking_source}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 docking_source}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 keyboard_modifier_mask}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 NATURAL_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Mask representing current keyboard modifiers state.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 retrieve_display_data}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 TUPLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf5 window}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 mask}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 NATURAL_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Retrieve mouse and keyboard data from the display.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 update_display_data}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Update stored values with current values.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Im_context_commit_translate_agent}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 FUNCTION} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 TUPLE}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Translation agent used input method context commits.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 character_string_buffer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Character buffer used for storing converted user keyboard character input.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 use_stored_display_data}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should prestored display data values be used when querying for display data.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 use_stored_display_data_for_keys}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should prestored display data values be used when querying for key display data.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 stored_display_data}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 retrieve_display_data}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Store for the previous call to 'retrieve_display_data'}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  This is needed to avoid unnecessary roundtrips.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_debugger}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Enable the Eiffel debugger.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_debugger}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Disable the Eiffel debugger.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 debugger_is_disabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the debugger disabled?}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Thread Handling.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 initialize_threading}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize thread support.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2015, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_APPLICATION_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
