{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision container, GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "container"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_CONTAINER_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 container_widget}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 client_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Width of the client area of container.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Redefined in children.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 client_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Height of the client area of container}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Redefined in children.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 background_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the background pixmap}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 replace} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 v}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 item}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Replace }{\cf5 item}{\cf3  with }{\cf5 v}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 connect_radio_grouping} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_container}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CONTAINER}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Join radio grouping of }{\cf5 a_container}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 unconnect_radio_grouping} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_container}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CONTAINER}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Remove Join of }{\cf5 a_container}{\cf3  to radio grouping of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 add_radio_button} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_widget_imp}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Called every time a widget is added to the container.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_widget_imp_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_widget_imp} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_radio_button} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_widget_imp}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Called every time a widget is removed from the container.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_widget_imp_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_widget_imp} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_set_background_pixmap} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the container background pixmap to }{\cf5 pixmap}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_background_pixmap} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the container background pixmap to }{\cf5 pixmap}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 bg_pixmap} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 p}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_background_pixmap}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make background pixmap Void.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operations}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 propagate_foreground_color}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Propagate the current foreground color of the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  container to the children.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 propagate_background_color}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Propagate the current background color of the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  container to the children.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Command}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Render }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  unusable.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Event handling}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_new_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_item_imp}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Called after }{\cf5 an_item}{\cf3  is added.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_removed_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_item_imp}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Called just before }{\cf5 an_item}{\cf3  is removed.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2014, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_CONTAINER_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
