{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision font. GTK implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "character, face, height, family, weight, shape, bold, italic"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_FONT_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 family}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Preferred font category.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 char_set}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Charset}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  This is not meaningful on GTK.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 weight}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Preferred font thickness.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 shape}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Preferred font slant.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Preferred font height measured in screen pixels.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 height_in_points}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Preferred font height measured in points.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_family} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_family}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_family}{\cf3  as preferred font category.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_face_name} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_face}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the face name for current.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_weight} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_weight}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_weight}{\cf3  as preferred font thickness.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_shape} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_shape}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_shape}{\cf3  as preferred font slant.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_height} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_height}{\cf3  as preferred font size in screen pixels}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_height_in_points} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_height}{\cf3  as preferred font size in screen pixels}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_values} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_family}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_weight}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_shape}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_preferred_families}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 preferred_families}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 a_family}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 a_weight}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 a_shape}{\cf3  }{\cf5 a_height}{\cf3  and}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 a_preferred_face}{\cf3  at the same time for speed.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Face name chosen by toolkit.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ignore_font_metric_calculation}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should the font metric calculation be ignored?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 calculate_font_metrics}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Calculate metrics for font}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ascent}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical distance from the origin of the drawing operation to the top of the drawn character.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 descent}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical distance from the origin of the drawing operation to the bottom of the drawn character.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Character width of current fixed-width font.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 minimum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Width of the smallest character in the font.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Width of the biggest character in the font.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 string_size} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_string}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 Reusable_string_size_tuple}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is [width, height, left_offset, right_offset] in pixels of }{\cf5 a_string}{\cf3  in the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  current font, taking into account line breaks ('%N').}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Reusable_string_size_tuple}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 TUPLE} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Reusable tuple for }{\cf5 string_size}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 string_width} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_string}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Width in pixels of }{\cf5 a_string}{\cf3  in the current font.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Reusable_pango_rectangle_struct}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  PangoRectangle that may be reused to prevent memory allocation, must not be freed}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 horizontal_resolution}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal resolution of screen for which the font is designed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 vertical_resolution}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical resolution of screen for which the font is designed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_proportional}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Can characters in the font have different sizes?}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_FONT_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
