{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision list, gtk implementation"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_LIST_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 old_make} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_interface}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 attached} {\b\cf6 like} {\cf5 interface}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Create a list widget with }{\cf5 par}{\cf3  as parent.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  By default, a list allow only one selection.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 scrollable_area}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Scrollable area used for }{\cf5 Current}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 make}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Needs_event_box}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 True}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Give event box to Current.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_item}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_LIST_ITEM}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Item which is currently selected, for a multiple}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  selection.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_items}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 ARRAYED_LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_LIST_ITEM}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  List of all the selected items. For a single}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  selection list, it gives a list with only one}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  element which is }{\cf5 selected_item}{\cf3 . Therefore, one}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  should use }{\cf5 selected_item}{\cf3  rather than}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 selected_items}{\cf3  for a single selection list.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status Report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 multiple_selection_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  True if the user can choose several items}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  False otherwise.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ensure_item_visible} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_item}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_LIST_ITEM}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure item }{\cf5 an_index}{\cf3  is visible in }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_multiple_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the user to do a multiple selection simply}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  by clicking on several choices.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_multiple_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the user to do only one selection. It is the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  default status of the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 select_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Select an item at the one-based }{\cf5 index}{\cf3  of the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 deselect_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unselect the item at the one-based }{\cf5 index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear the selection of the list.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  PND}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 row_index_from_coords} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns the row index at relative coordinate }{\cf5 a_y}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 item_from_coords} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PND_DEFERRED_ITEM}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns the row at relative coordinate }{\cf5 a_y}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_mouse_button_event} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_type}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 row_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Height of rows in }{\cf5 Current}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (export status }{\cf3 \{}{\cf3 NONE}{\cf3 \}}{\cf3 )}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_LIST_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
