{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision multi-column list row, gtk implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_selected}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the item selected.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Destroy actual object.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_select}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Select the row in the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_select}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Deselect the row from the list.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  PND}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Activate pick/drag and drop mechanism.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Deactivate pick/drag and drop mechanism.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 draw_rubber_band}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Erase previously drawn rubber band.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Draw a rubber band between initial pick point and cursor.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 erase_rubber_band}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Erase previously drawn rubber band.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_capture}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Grab the user input.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_capture}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ungrab the user input.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 start_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_menu_only}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Start a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 end_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Terminate the pick and drop mechanism.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_pointer_style} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 c}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 c}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 pointer_style}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 internal_set_pointer_style}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_set_pointer_style} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 c}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 c}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 pointer_style}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 set_pointer_style}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element Change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_pixmap} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_pix}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the rows }{\cf5 pixmap}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_pix}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_pixmap}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Remove the rows pixmap.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_tooltip} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_tooltip}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_tooltip}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 tooltip}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 tooltip}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Tooltip displayed on }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Measurement}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 x_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal offset relative to parent }{\cf5 x_position}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 y_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical offset relative to parent }{\cf5 y_position}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 screen_x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal offset relative to screen.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical offset relative to screen.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 minimum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Minimum horizontal size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 minimum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Minimum vertical size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
