{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision multi-column-list, implementation interface."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of columns in the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 model_column_count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of columns in GtkTreeModel}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 rows}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of rows in the list.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 count}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of rows in the list.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 rows}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 i_th} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 i}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 i_th}{\cf3  row in }{\cf5 Current}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_item}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Item which is currently selected}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_items}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 ARRAYED_LIST} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  List of all the selected items. For a single}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  selection list, it gives a list with only one}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  element which is }{\cf5 selected_item}{\cf3 . Therefore, one}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  should use }{\cf5 selected_item}{\cf3  rather than}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 selected_items}{\cf3  for a single selection list.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is at least one item selected ?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 multiple_selection_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  True if the user can choose several items}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  False otherwise.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 title_shown}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  True if the title row is shown.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  False if the title row is not shown.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Destroy screen widget implementation and EV_LIST_ITEM objects.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show_title_row}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Show the row of the titles.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 hide_title_row}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Hide the row of the titles.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_multiple_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the user to do a multiple selection simply}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  by clicking on several choices.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  For constants, see EV_GTK_CONSTANTS.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_multiple_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the user to do only one selection. It is the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  default status of the list.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  For constants, see EV_GTK_CONSTANTS.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 select_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Select an item at the one-based }{\cf5 index}{\cf3  of the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 deselect_item} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unselect the item at the one-based }{\cf5 index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear the selection of the list.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 resize_column_to_content} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Resize column }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3  to width of its widest text.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_title_changed} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_txt}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 a_txt}{\cf3  the title of the column number.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_width_changed} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 value}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 value}{\cf3  the new width of the column number}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 column_alignment_changed} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_alignment}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_TEXT_ALIGNMENT}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_column}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set alignment of }{\cf5 a_column}{\cf3  to corresponding }{\cf5 alignment_code}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_row_height} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 value}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 value}{\cf3  the new height of all the rows.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 wipe_out}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Remove all items.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pebble_source}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Source of pebble, used for widgets with deferred PND implementation}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  such as EV_TREE and EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_to_drag_and_drop}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set transport mode to drag and drop.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 able_to_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is list or row able to transport PND data using }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ready_for_pnd_menu} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is list or row able to display PND menu using }{\cf5 a_button}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Disable PND transport}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 update_pnd_status}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Update PND status of list and its children.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 update_pnd_connection} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_enable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Update the PND connection of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  if needed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_mouse_button_event} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_type}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pnd_row_imp}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_ROW_IMP}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation object of the current row if in PND transport.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_pebble}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 ANY}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_pebble_function}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 FUNCTION} {\cf1 [}{\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 ANY}{\cf1 ]}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns data to be transported by PND mechanism.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_accept_cursor}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_deny_cursor}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_pebble_function} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 pebble}{\cf3  using }{\cf5 pebble_function}{\cf3  if present.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pre_pick_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform before transport initiated.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 post_drop_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform once an attempted drop has happened.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 row_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Height of rows in }{\cf5 Current}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
