{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Objects that represent paragraph formatting information."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 alignment}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Current alignment. See EV_PARAGRAPH_CONSTANTS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for possible values.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_left_aligned}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  left aligned?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_center_aligned}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  center aligned?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_right_aligned}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  right aligned?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_justified}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  justified?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 left_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Left margin between border and text in pixels}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 right_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Right margin between line end and border in pixels}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 top_spacing}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Spacing between top of paragraph and previous line in pixels.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 bottom_spacing}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Spacing between bottom of paragraph and next line in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_left_alignment}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_left_aligned}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_center_alignment}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_center_aligned}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_right_alignment}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_right_aligned}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_justification}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_justified}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_alignment} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_alignment}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 alignment}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_alignment}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_left_margin} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 left_margin}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_right_margin} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 right_margin}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_top_spacing} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 top_spacing}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_bottom_spacing} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 bottom_spacing}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_margin}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
