{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision pick and drop source, GTK implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "pick and drop, drag and drop, source, PND, DND"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 draw_rubber_band}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Erase previously drawn rubber band.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Draw a rubber band between initial pick point and cursor.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 erase_rubber_band}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Erase previously drawn rubber band.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Activate pick/drag and drop mechanism.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Deactivate pick/drag and drop mechanism.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure then}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_transport_disabled}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_transport_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pre_pick_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform before transport initiated.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  dockable?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_to_drag_and_drop}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  to drag and drop mode.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 able_to_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  able to initiate transport with }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_mouse_button_event} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_type}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Handle mouse button events.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 start_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_menu_only}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pebble_source}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Source of }{\cf5 pebble}{\cf3 , used for widgets with deferred PND implementation}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  such as EV_TREE and EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ready_for_pnd_menu} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Will }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  display a menu with button }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 end_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  End a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 post_drop_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform once an attempted drop has happened.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 real_pointed_target}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Hole at mouse position}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pointer_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_COORDINATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Position of the screen pointer relative to }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2014, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
