{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Objects that ..."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 author}{\cf1 :} ""{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status Report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 format_paragraph} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_line}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_line}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3   Apply paragraph formatting }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  to lines }{\cf5 start_line}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 end_line}{\cf3  inclusive.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 character_format_range_information} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_index}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Formatting range information from caret position }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All attributes in }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  are set to }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  if they remain consitent from }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 False}{\cf3  otherwise.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is a snapshot of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 , and does not remain consistent as the contents}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  are subsequently changed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_character_format_range_information} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_index}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 abort_on_change}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 change_index}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 INTEGER_32_REF}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Formatting range information from caret position }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All attributes in }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  are set to }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  if they remain consistent from }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 False}{\cf3  otherwise.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is a snapshot of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 , and does not remain consistent as the contents}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  are subsequently changed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 paragraph_format_range_information} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_index}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Formatting range information from caret position }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All attributes in }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  are set to }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  if they remain consitent from }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 False}{\cf3  otherwise.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is a snapshot of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 , and does not remain consistent as the contents}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  are subsequently changed.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 paragraph_format_contiguous} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is paragraph formatting from line }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  contiguous?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 internal_paragraph_format_contiguous}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_paragraph_format_contiguous} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is paragraph formatting from line }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  contiguous?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 paragraph_format_contiguous}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 character_format_contiguous} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_index}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is formatting from caret position }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3  contiguous?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Internal version which permits optimizations as caret position and selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  does not need to be restored.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_character_format_contiguous} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_index}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is formatting from caret position }{\cf5 start_index}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_index}{\cf3  contiguous?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_paragraph_format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is paragraph format of current selection.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If more than one format is contained in the selection, }{\cf5 Result}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is the first of these formats.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 modify_region} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 applicable_attributes}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Modify formatting from }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  applying all attributes of }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  that are set to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  within }{\cf5 applicable_attributes}{\cf3 , ignoring others.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 modify_paragraph} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 applicable_attributes}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Modify paragraph formatting from caret positions }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  applying all attributes of }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  that are set to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  within }{\cf5 applicable_attributes}{\cf3 , ignoring others.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 paragraph_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 caret_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is paragraph_format at caret position }{\cf5 caret_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 internal_paragraph_format}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_paragraph_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 caret_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PARAGRAPH_FORMAT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is paragraph_format at caret position }{\cf5 caret_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Was declared in }{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}{\cf3  as synonym of }{\cf5 paragraph_format}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_character_format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Format of the character which starts the selection}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 index_from_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_x_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Index of character closest to position }{\cf5 x_position}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 y_position}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 position_from_index} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_COORDINATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Position of character at index }{\cf5 an_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 character_displayed} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is character }{\cf5 an_index}{\cf3  currently visible in }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 character_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 pos}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is character format at position }{\cf5 pos}{\cf3 . On some platforms}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  this may be optimized to take the selected character format and therefore}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  should only be used by }{\cf5 next_change_of_character}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_character_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 character_index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_IMP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is character format of character }{\cf5 character_index}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_current_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  apply }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  to current caret position, applicable}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to next typed characters.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 current_format}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Format to be applied to next typed characters}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 format_region} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Apply }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  to all characters between the caret positions }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Formatting is applied immediately. May or may not change the cursor position.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 buffered_format} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Apply a character format }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  from caret positions }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  format buffer. Call }{\cf5 flush_format_buffer}{\cf3  to apply buffered contents to }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 buffered_append} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 format}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Apply }{\cf5 a_text}{\cf3  with format }{\cf5 format}{\cf3  to append buffer.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  To apply buffer contents to }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 , call }{\cf5 flush_append_buffer}{\cf3  or}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 flush_append_buffer_to}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_start_iter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_TEXT_ITER_STRUCT}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Reusable GtkTextIter objects}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_end_iter}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_TEXT_ITER_STRUCT}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Reusable GtkTextIter objects}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 flush_buffer}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Flush contents of buffer.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If }{\cf5 buffer_locked_for_append}{\cf3  then replace contents of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  with buffer contents.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If }{\cf5 buffer_locked_for_format}{\cf3  then apply buffered formatting to contents of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 flush_buffer_to} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_position}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Replace contents of current from caret position }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 end_position}{\cf3  with}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  contents of buffer, since it was last flushed. If }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 end_position}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  are equal, insert the contents of the buffer at caret position }{\cf5 start_position}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_tab_width} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_width}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 tab_width}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pango_tab_array}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Array of pango tabs used for }{\cf5 Current}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 tab_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default width in pixels of each tab in }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2014, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_RICH_TEXT_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
