{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision screen. GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "screen, root, window, visual, top"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_SCREEN_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pointer_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_COORDINATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Position of the screen pointer.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 widget_at_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Widget at position ('x', 'y') if any.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 widget_at_mouse_pointer}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Widget at mouse pointer if any.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 widget_imp_at_pointer_position}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET_IMP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Widget implementation at current mouse pointer position (if any)}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 monitor_count}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of monitors used for displaying virtual screen.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 monitor_area_from_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_RECTANGLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Full area of monitor nearest to coordinates (a_x, a_y)}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 monitor_area_from_window} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_RECTANGLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Full area of monitor of which most of }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3  is located.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns nearest monitor area if }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3  does not overlap any monitors.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 working_area_from_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_RECTANGLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Area available for windows of monitor nearest to coordinates (a_x, a_y).}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  E.g. it should exclude the taskbar if any.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 working_area_from_window} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_window}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_RECTANGLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Area available for windows of monitor of which most of }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3  is located.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns nearest working area if }{\cf5 a_window}{\cf3  does not overlap any monitors.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  E.g. it should exclude the taskbar if any.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_default_colors}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set foreground and background color to their default values.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 redraw}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Redraw the entire area.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_pointer_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set pointer position to (a_x, a_y).}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_pointer_button_press} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Fake button }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3  press on pointer.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_pointer_button_release} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Fake button }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3  release on pointer.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_pointer_wheel_up}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Simulate the user rotating the mouse wheel up.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_pointer_wheel_down}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Simulate the user rotating the mouse wheel down.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_key_press} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_key}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_KEY}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Fake key }{\cf5 a_key}{\cf3  press.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 fake_key_release} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_key}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_KEY}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Fake key }{\cf5 a_key}{\cf3  release.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Key_conversion}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_KEY_CONVERSION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Utilities for converting X key codes.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Measurement}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 horizontal_resolution}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of logical pixels per inch along horizontal axis}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 vertical_resolution}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Number of logical pixels per inch along vertical axis}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal size in pixels.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 virtual_x}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  X position of virtual screen in main display coordinates}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 virtual_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Y position of virtual screen in main display coordinates}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 virtual_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Virtual height of screen}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 virtual_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Virtual width of screen}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_SCREEN_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
