{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Facilities for accessing default pixmaps."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "pixmap, default"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2013-11-19 17:00:03 -0800 (Tue, 19 Nov 2013) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 93461 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_STOCK_PIXMAPS_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 information_pixel_buffer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXEL_BUFFER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixel buffer symbolizing a piece of information.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 error_pixel_buffer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXEL_BUFFER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixel buffer symbolizing an error.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 warning_pixel_buffer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXEL_BUFFER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixel buffer symbolizing a warning.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 question_pixel_buffer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXEL_BUFFER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixel buffer symbolizing a question.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 information_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing a piece of information.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 error_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing an error.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 warning_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing a warning.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 question_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing a question.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 collate_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing collated printing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 no_collate_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing non collated printing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 landscape_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing landscape printing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 portrait_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap symbolizing portrait printing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_window_icon}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Pixmap used as default icon for new windows.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2013, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_STOCK_PIXMAPS_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
