{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision text field. GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_TEXT_FIELD_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Text displayed in field.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_minimum_width_in_characters} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 nb}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 nb}{\cf3  characters visible on one line.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_text} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_text}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 text}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 append_text} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Append }{\cf5 a_text}{\cf3  to the end of the text.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 prepend_text} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_text}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Prepend }{\cf5 a_text}{\cf3  to the end of the text.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_capacity} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 len}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the maximum number of characters that }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  can hold to }{\cf5 len}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 align_text_left}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make text left aligned.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 align_text_right}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make text right aligned.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 align_text_center}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make text center aligned.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status Report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 text_alignment}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Text alignment of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 caret_position}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Current position of the caret.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 capacity}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Return the maximum number of characters that the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  user may enter.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_editable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the text editable.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 has_selection}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is something selected?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 start_selection}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Index of the first character selected.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 end_selection}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Index of the last character selected.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clipboard_content}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is current clipboard content.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  status settings}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 hide_border}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Hide the border of }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 gtk_hide_border} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_entry}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_editable} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_editable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set editable state to }{\cf5 a_editable}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_caret_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 pos}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set the position of the caret to }{\cf5 pos}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 insert_text} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 txt}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Insert }{\cf5 txt}{\cf3  at the current position.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 insert_text_at_position} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 txt}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_pos}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Insert }{\cf5 txt}{\cf3  at the current position at position }{\cf5 a_pos}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 select_region} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_pos}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_pos}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Select (highlight) the characters between character positions }{\cf5 start_pos}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 end_pos}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_selection} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 start_pos}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 end_pos}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Select (highlight) the characters between valid caret positions }{\cf5 a_start_pos}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 a_end_pos}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 deselect_all}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unselect the current selection.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 delete_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Delete the current selection.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 cut_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Cut the }{\cf5 selected_region}{\cf3  by erasing it from}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the text and putting it in the Clipboard}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to paste it later.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If the }{\cf5 selected_region}{\cf3  is empty, it does}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  nothing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 copy_selection}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Copy the }{\cf5 selected_region}{\cf3  in the Clipboard}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to paste it later.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If the }{\cf5 selected_region}{\cf3  is empty, it does}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  nothing.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 paste} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 index}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Insert the string which is in the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clipboard at the }{\cf5 index}{\cf3  position in the}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  text.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If the Clipboard is empty, it does nothing.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_TEXT_FIELD_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
