{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "EiffelVision Tree, gtk implementation"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_TREE_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected_item}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_TREE_NODE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Item which is currently selected}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 node_from_tree_path} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_tree_path}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 POINTER}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_TREE_NODE_IMP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Retrieve node from }{\cf5 a_tree_path}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 selected}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is one item selected?}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pebble_source}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PICK_AND_DROPABLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Source of }{\cf5 pebble}{\cf3 , used for widgets with deferred PND implementation}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  such as EV_TREE and EV_MULTI_COLUMN_LIST.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ensure_item_visible} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_item}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_TREE_NODE}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 an_item}{\cf3  is visible in }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Tree nodes may be expanded to achieve this.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_to_drag_and_drop}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  to drag and drop mode.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 able_to_transport} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is list or row able to transport PND data using }{\cf5 a_button}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 ready_for_pnd_menu} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_press}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is list or row able to display PND menu using }{\cf5 a_button}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_transport}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Deactivate pick/drag and drop mechanism.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 update_pnd_status}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Update PND status of list and its children.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 update_pnd_connection} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_enable}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Update the PND connection status for }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 on_mouse_button_event} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_type}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_x_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y_tilt}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_pressure}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 REAL_64}{\cf1 ;} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Initialize a pick and drop transport.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pnd_row_imp}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_TREE_NODE_IMP}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation object of the current row if in PND transport.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_pebble}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 ANY}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Temporary pebble holder used for PND implementation with nodes.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_pebble_function}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 FUNCTION} {\cf1 [}{\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 ANY}{\cf1 ]}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Returns data to be transported by PND mechanism.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_accept_cursor}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 temp_deny_cursor}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_POINTER_STYLE}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_pebble_function} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 pebble}{\cf3  using }{\cf5 pebble_function}{\cf3  if present.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 pre_pick_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_screen_y}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform before transport initiated.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 reset_pebble_function}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Reset }{\cf5 pebble_function}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 post_drop_steps} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_button}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Steps to perform once an attempted drop has happened.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_TREE_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
