{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision titled window. GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_TITLED_WINDOW_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 icon_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Alternative name, displayed when window is minimised.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 icon_pixmap}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Window icon.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 icon_pixmap_internal}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 icon_mask}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Transparency mask for }{\cf5 icon_pixmap}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_minimized}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is displayed iconified/minimised?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_maximized}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is displayed at maximum size?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_displayed}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is 'Current' displayed on screen?}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 raise}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Request that window be displayed above all other windows.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 lower}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Request that window be displayed below all other windows.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 minimize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Display iconified/minimised.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Display at maximum size.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 restore}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Restore to original position when minimized or maximized.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_icon_name} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_icon_name}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_icon_name}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 icon_name}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_icon_pixmap} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_icon}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_PIXMAP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_icon}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 icon}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_TITLED_WINDOW_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
