{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Vision window. GTK+ implementation."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-03-27 13:31:29 -0700 (Mon, 27 Mar 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100058 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_WINDOW_IMP}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 has_focus}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Does }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  have the keyboard focus?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Maximum width that application wishes widget}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  instance to have.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Maximum height that application wishes widget}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  instance to have.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 title}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Application name to be displayed by}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the window manager.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_MENU_BAR}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal bar at top of client area that contains menu's.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 add_transient_child} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_child}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_WINDOW_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Add }{\cf5 a_child}{\cf3  as transient child for }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_child_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_child} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_transient_child} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_child}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_GTK_WINDOW_IMP}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Remove }{\cf5 a_child}{\cf3  as transient child for }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_child_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_child} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_disable_border}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure no border is displayed around }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 internal_enable_border}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure a border is displayed around }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_user_resize_called}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Has }{\cf5 disable_user_resize}{\cf3  been called?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_user_resize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Forbid the resize of the window.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_user_resize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the resize of the window.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 allow_resize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow the resize of the window.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Map the Window to the screen.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_show_actions}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should the show actions be called?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 call_hide_actions}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Should the hide actions be called?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 hide}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unmap the Window from the screen.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Element change}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_maximum_width} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_max_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 maximum_width}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_max_width}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_maximum_height} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_max_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 maximum_height}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_max_height}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_title} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 new_title}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 title}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 new_title}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_menu_bar} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_MENU_BAR}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_menu_bar}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Set }{\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 Void}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2017, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_WINDOW_IMP}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
