{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Objects that represent effects applicable to EiffelVision2 character formats.{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2008-12-29 12:27:11 -0800 (Mon, 29 Dec 2008) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 76420 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_EFFECTS}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_striked_out}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the character striken out?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_underlined}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is the character underlined?}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 vertical_offset}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Vertical offset of character from base line in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A positive value indicates a superscript, negative indicating a subscript.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_in_default_state}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is current in default state?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_striked_out} {\b\cf6 and} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_underlined} {\b\cf6 and} {\cf5 vertical_offset} {\cf1 =} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_striked_out}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure characters are displayed as striken out, and set }{\cf5 is_striked_out}{\cf3  to True.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_striked_out} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 True}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_striked_out}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_striked_out}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_striked_out}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure characters are not displayed as striken out, and set }{\cf5 is_striked_out}{\cf3  to False.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_striked_out} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 False}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_striked_out}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_striked_out}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_underlined}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure characters are displayed as underlined, and set }{\cf5 is_underlined}{\cf3  to True.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_underlined} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 True}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_underlined}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_underlined}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_underlined}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure characters are not displayed as underlined, and set }{\cf5 is_underlined}{\cf3  to False.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_underlined} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 False}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_underlined}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_underlined}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_vertical_offset} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 an_offset}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 an_offset}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 vertical_offset}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 vertical_offset} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 an_offset}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 vertical_offset_set}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 vertical_offset} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 an_offset}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2006, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}356 Storke Road, Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_EFFECTS}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
