{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Constants for use with and by EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT and{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}EV_CHARACTER_RANGE_INFORMATION{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2008-12-29 12:27:11 -0800 (Mon, 29 Dec 2008) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 76420 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_CONSTANTS}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Font_family}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 1}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Font family applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Font_weight}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 2}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Font weight applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Font_shape}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 4}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Font shape applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Font_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 8}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Font height applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Color}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 16}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Color applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Background_color}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Background color applicable.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Effects_striked_out}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 64}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Effects striked out valid.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Effects_underlined}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 128}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Effects underlined valid.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Effects_vertical_offset}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 256}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Effects vertical offset valid.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Contract support}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 valid_character_format_flag} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_flag}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 a_flag}{\cf3  a valid character format flag?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Used by EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_RANGE_INFORMATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  May be any combination of the attribute flags above, except that}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Effects_underlined}{\cf3  and `Effects_double_underlined are mutually exclusive}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf5 a_flag} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 Font_family} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Font_weight} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Font_shape} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Font_height} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Color} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Background_color} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Effects_striked_out} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Effects_underlined} {\cf1 +} {\cf5 Effects_vertical_offset}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2006, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}356 Storke Road, Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_CHARACTER_FORMAT_CONSTANTS}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
