{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Widget onto which graphical primatives may be drawn.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Primitives are drawn directly onto the screen without buffering.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}(When buffering is required use EV_PIXMAP.){\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "drawable, expose, primitive, figure, draw, paint, image"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_DRAWING_AREA}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 inherit}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_DRAWABLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 redefine}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_in_default_state}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_PRIMITIVE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 undefine}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 set_background_color}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 background_color}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 set_foreground_color}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 foreground_color}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 redefine}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_in_default_state}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 is_in_default_state_for_tabs}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_DRAWABLE_ACTION_SEQUENCES}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Basic operations}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 redraw}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  for }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  when next idle.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 redraw}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_and_redraw}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear the window.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  for }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  when next idle.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 clear_and_redraw}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 redraw_rectangle} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_width}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  for rectangle described with upper-left}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  corner on (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 a_y}{\cf3 ) with size }{\cf5 a_width}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 a_height}{\cf3  when next idle.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 redraw_rectangle}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_width}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 clear_and_redraw_rectangle} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_width}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Clear rectangle described with upper-left corner on (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 a_y}{\cf3 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  with size }{\cf5 a_width}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 a_height}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  for rectangle when next idle.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 clear_and_redraw_rectangle}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_x}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_y}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_width}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_height}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 flush}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Execute any delayed calls to }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  without waiting}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for next idle. Delayed calls to }{\cf5 expose_actions}{\cf3  happen as a}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  result of calling on of }{\cf5 redraw}{\cf3 , }{\cf5 clear_and_redraw}{\cf3 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 redraw_rectangle}{\cf3  or }{\cf5 clear_and_redraw_rectngle}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Call this feature to make the effects of one or more previous}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  calls to these features immediately visible.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 flush}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_focus_on_press}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Enable focus on press handling.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 enable_focus_on_press}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_focus_on_press}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Disable default focus handling when mouse button is pressed on drawing area.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 disable_focus_on_press}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_ANY}{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Contract support}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_in_default_state}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  in its default state?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\cf1 Precursor} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_PRIMITIVE}{\cf1 \}} {\b\cf6 and then} {\cf1 Precursor} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_DRAWABLE}{\cf1 \}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_in_default_state_for_tabs}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  in its default state with regards to tabs?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 :=} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_tabable_to} {\b\cf6 and} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_tabable_from}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_ANY}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ANY_I}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 EV_ANY_HANDLER}{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 implementation}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_DRAWING_AREA_I}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Responsible for interaction with native graphics toolkit.}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf1 \{}NONE{\cf1 \}} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Implementation}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 create_implementation}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  See }{\cf5 \{EV_ANY\}.create_implementation}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 do}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 create} {\cf1 \{}{\cf4 EV_DRAWING_AREA_IMP}{\cf1 \}} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 end}}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2014, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_DRAWING_AREA}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
