{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Objects that allow dockable sources to be inserted as part of the{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}dockable mechanism. Use {\cf5 enable_docking} to permit sources to be dropped,{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}and {\cf5 veto_dock_function} to restrict which sources will be accepted. If a source{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}is rejected by the veto function, then the parent structure will be explored until{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}there are no more parents, or the source being transported is accepted.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 docked_actions} is fired after the source of transport has been parented in Current.{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2016-09-27 08:50:48 -0700 (Tue, 27 Sep 2016) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 99192 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 deferred} {\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_TARGET}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 veto_dock_function}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 FUNCTION} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Function to determine whether current dock is allowed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 , dock will be disallowed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 veto_dock_function}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  May }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  be docked to?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If True, }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  will accept docking}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  from a compatible EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_docking}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\cf3  is True.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_docking}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure }{\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\cf3  is False.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  will not accept docking.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_dockable}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_docking_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_veto_dock_function} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_function}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 FUNCTION} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_SOURCE}{\cf1 ,} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\cf1 ]}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_function}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 veto_dock_function}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_function_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_function} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 veto_function_set}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 veto_dock_function} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_function}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2014, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_DOCKABLE_TARGET}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
