{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "Facilities for inspecting global environment information."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "environment, application, global, system"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-05-03 08:56:14 -0700 (Wed, 03 May 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100317 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Single application object for system.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 same_processor_as_application}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_application_processor}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 application}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 separate_application}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 EV_APPLICATION}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Single application object for system.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 separate_application}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 supported_image_formats}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  contains all supported image formats}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  on current platform, as a three letter uppercase}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  extension. e.g. PNG, BMP, ICO.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 object_comparison_set}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 object_comparison}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 font_families}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 LINEAR} {\cf1 [}{\cf4 STRING_32}{\cf1 ]}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  All fonts families available on current platform.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 result_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 mouse_wheel_scroll_lines}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default number of lines to scroll in response to}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  a mouse wheel scroll event.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_pointer_style_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default pointer style width.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 default_pointer_style_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Default pointer style height.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destoryed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 has_printer}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is a default printer available?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Result}{\cf3  is }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  if at least one printer is installed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_application_processor}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is current processor running on the same processor as }{\cf5 application}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2015, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_ENVIRONMENT}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
