{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Top level window. Contains a single widget.{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\cf5 title} is not displayed.{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 legal}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 appearance}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab} _____________{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}|____________X|{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}|             |{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}|    item     |{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}|_____________|{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 status}{\cf1 :} "See notice at end of class."{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 keywords}{\cf1 :} "toplevel, window, popup"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "$Date: 2017-05-03 08:56:14 -0700 (Wed, 03 May 2017) $"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "$Revision: 100317 $"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 default_create}{\cf1 ,}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make_with_title}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Access}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Upper bound on }{\cf5 width}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 internal_maximum_width}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 or} {\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 minimum_width}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 maximum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Upper bound on }{\cf5 height}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 internal_maximum_height}{\cf1 )} {\b\cf6 or} {\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 minimum_height}{\cf1 )}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 title}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_32}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A textual name used by the window manager.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 equal}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 Result}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 title}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 cloned}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 title}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 detachable} {\cf4 EV_MENU_BAR}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Horizontal bar at top of client area that contains menu's.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 menu_bar}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 Maximum_dimension}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32} {\cf1 =} 32000}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Maximum width/height that a window can be set to.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 accelerators}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_ACCELERATOR_LIST}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Key combination shortcuts associated with this window.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 accelerator_list}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_void}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status report}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 has} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 v}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WIDGET}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Does structure include }{\cf5 v}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 user_can_resize}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Can the user resize?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 bridge_ok}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 Result} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 implementation}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 user_can_resize}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 is_border_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 BOOLEAN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Is a border displayed around }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 ?}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Command}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Destroy underlying native toolkit object.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Render }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  unusable.}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 destroy_and_exit_if_last}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Destroy current window and destroy instance of EV_APPLICATION if}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  no more top level windows remain in the system.}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Status setting}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_user_resize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Allow user to resize.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 user_can_resize}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 user_can_resize}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_user_resize}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Prevent user from resizing.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_user_can_resize}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 user_can_resize}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 enable_border}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure a border is displayed around }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 is_border_enabled}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_border_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 disable_border}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Ensure no border is displayed around }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Has no immediate effect if }{\cf5 user_can_resize}{\cf3 , although}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is reflected at next call to }{\cf5 disable_user_resize}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 border_disabled}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 user_can_resize} {\b\cf6 implies} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_border_enabled}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_maximum_width} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 maximum_width}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_width_non_negative}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_width} {\cf1 >=} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_width_not_less_than_minimum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_width} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_width}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_width_not_greater_than_maximum_dimension}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_width} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 Maximum_dimension}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 maximum_width_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 maximum_width} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_maximum_height} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 maximum_height}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_height_non_negative}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_height} {\cf1 >=} 0{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_height_not_less_than_minimum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_height} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_height}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_height_not_greater_than_maximum_dimension}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_height} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 Maximum_dimension}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 maximum_height_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 maximum_height} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_maximum_size} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\cf1 ,} {\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 maximum_width}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  and }{\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 maximum_height}{\cf3  in pixels.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_width_not_less_than_minimum_width}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_width} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_width}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_height_not_less_than_minimum_height}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_height} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_height}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_width_not_greater_than_maximum_dimension}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_width} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 Maximum_dimension}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_maximum_height_not_greater_than_maximum_dimension}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_maximum_height} {\cf1 <=} {\cf5 Maximum_dimension}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 maximum_width_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 maximum_width} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_maximum_width}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 maximum_height_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 maximum_height} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_maximum_height}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_title} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_title}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 separate} {\cf4 READABLE_STRING_GENERAL}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_title}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 title}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_title_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_title} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_title_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 title}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 same_string_general}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\b\cf6 create}{\cf1  }{\cf1 \{}{\cf4 STRING_32}{\cf1 \}}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 make_from_separate}{\cf1  }{\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_title}{\cf1 )}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 cloned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 title} {\cf1 /=} {\cf5 a_title}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_title}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 title}{\cf3  empty.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 title_empty}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 title}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_empty}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 set_menu_bar} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_MENU_BAR}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Assign }{\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\cf3  to }{\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 no_menu_bar_assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 menu_bar} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_menu_bar_not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_menu_bar} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_menu_bar_not_parented}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 parent} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 assigned}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 menu_bar} {\cf1 =} {\cf5 a_menu_bar}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 remove_menu_bar}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Make }{\cf5 menu_bar}{\cf3  }{\cf5 Void}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 menu_bar_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 menu_bar} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 lock_update}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Lock drawing updates for this window on certain platforms until}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 unlock_update}{\cf3  is called.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Note: - Only one window can be locked at a time.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3        - The window cannot be moved while update is locked.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 no_locked_window}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 ev_application}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 locked_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 locked_window_is_current}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 ev_application}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 locked_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Current}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 unlock_update}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Unlock updates for this widget on certain platforms.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 locked_window_is_current}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 ev_application}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 locked_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Current}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 ensure}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 no_locked_window}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 ev_application}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 locked_window} {\cf1 =} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Request that }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  be displayed when its parent is.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\cf5 True}{\cf3  by default.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If successful, make }{\cf5 is_show_requested}{\cf3  }{\cf5 True}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 show_relative_to_window} {\cf1 (}{\cf5 a_parent}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 EV_WINDOW}{\cf1 )}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Show }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  with respect to }{\cf5 a_parent}{\cf3 .}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\b\cf6 require}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_void}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_parent} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Void}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 parent_not_destroyed}{\cf1 :} {\b\cf6 not} {\cf5 a_parent}{\b\cf1 .}{\cf5 is_destroyed}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf1 a_window_not_current}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 a_parent} {\cf1 /=} {\b\cf6 Current}{\line}
}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 hide}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Request that }{\cf5 Current}{\cf3  not be displayed even when its parent is.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  If successful, make }{\cf5 is_show_requested}{\cf3  }{\cf5 False}{\cf3 .}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 invariant}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 consistent_horizontal_bounds}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_usable} {\b\cf6 implies} {\cf5 maximum_width} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_width}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 consistent_vertical_bounds}{\cf1 :} {\cf5 is_usable} {\b\cf6 implies} {\cf5 maximum_height} {\cf1 >=} {\cf5 minimum_height}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 copyright}{\cf1 :} "Copyright (c) 1984-2016, Eiffel Software and others"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 license}{\cf1 :} "Eiffel Forum License v2 (see http://www.eiffel.com/licensing/forum.txt)"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 source}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Eiffel Software{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}5949 Hollister Ave., Goleta, CA 93117 USA{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Telephone 805-685-1006, Fax 805-685-6869{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Website http://www.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}Customer support http://support.eiffel.com{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 EV_WINDOW}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
